after spending the day with the 2010 BMW
335i here are five reasons why we love
it first off is the chassis this car
features a near-perfect 50:50 weight
distribution and like most BMWs the
handling is sublime it's extremely
confident in the turns and it's very
very predictable how it's going to
handle and despite the fact that it
doesn't offer a limited slip
differential like the m3 it is still an
absolute blast in twisty roads second up
is the engine the three liter twin-turbo
inline six that produces 300 horsepower
and 300 pound feet of torque the
incredible thing is that this car
suffers from virtually zero turbo lag
that's right when you push your foot
down it's got instant response and it's
seamlessly smooth very much like the
naturally aspirated version of the three
liter inline six third up is the price
this car can now be found for under
$25,000 there aren't that many other
cars out there that offer this
incredible mix of power luxury and
refinement that this vehicle does fourth
up is the tuned ability because this car
does feature turbos people jumped on the
opportunity to produce tunes for the
335i for about five hundred dollars you
can get a jb four tune which is plug and
play you can install it yourself I
actually did a similar tuned to my 330i
with albeit good results but nothing
like with a turbo car
and people have reported upwards of 400
plus on stock internals and with new
turbos and different exhaust and intakes
you can get over 500 horsepower so this
car is an excellent base for insane
performance last up it is a BMW 3-series
it's the ultimate driving machine while
most slogans are pretty dumb and don't
actually make any sense
the BMW 3-series is better to drive than
its Mercedes for Audi counterpart
driving this car is an absolute dream
and owning one of these cars would be
incredible
well I hope you enjoyed this video like
always please browse our Channel and
subscribe follow us on Instagram like us
on Facebook if you've got any cars you'd
like to see us review our videos you'd
like to see us make leave a comment
below special thanks to California
Motors in San Rafael California for
making this video possible this car is
available there now you should check it
out because it's truly remarkable I look
forward to seeing you next video and
hopefully we've got some epic reviews
coming out shortly
while I'm in California